we remember racing from decades ago as
good times with good smells good sounds
charismatic drivers a simpler formula at
a time we lived a simpler life the past
will always feel satisfying enticing
magical the past will never leave us
alone
it's a yardstick we use to measure them
now
you will never forget your first time
sitting trackside at your favorite
corner hearing the engine starting up
far away in the pit lane the excitement
building the blare is getting louder as
the cars approach from the other side of
the track just a few corners to go
they're coming into vision in the
distance getting louder
you can so clearly feel the vibrations
in your gut as they raw past in an
instant the world is reduced to the
screen
these incredible machines and you
everything else has been dissolved to
non-existence by these all-consuming
Formula One racing cars you can see the
cars sliding under braking you can see
the drivers working hard stealing things
you know you cannot do never in a
million years physics are being
challenged right in front of your eyes
simple tires which are constantly on the
limits of grip leaving blank parabolic
lines on the tarmac itching their
presence on the asphalt and your
memories
one moment the car pivots around the
front right asking everything from the
tire in the suspension a blink later
the driver is hard on the power with the
rear of the car not complying with the
direction of travel
this is what you fell in love with all
those years ago this is why you spend
countless Sunday's watching the best
drivers competing in the most advanced
machinery you will always remember the
first time this smell of tyres that
burned high-octane fuel in the air the
vibrations in the stomach when the cars
go by
you cannot stop admiring these
inconceivable machines these incredible
drivers which are taking physics beyond
the limits right in front of your eyes
there is nothing that can make you a
bigger fan of this sport than the
physical proximity to these cars on the
very limit
but don't get lost in the past it is
gone it has been transformed into sweet
memories the purpose of the past can
only be to guide the appreciation of the
present to put it into context
experiences have become reference points
to understand the current the magic of
formula one is no different now
it has lost nothing your entry point is
simply at a different time in the
evolution gone is the era when all
things were mechanical in racing and in
life we will look back at the current
cars with the same appreciation we have
for these loud violent smelly and simple
machines the game has moved on but
Formula one will always be competed at
the cutting edge
you